No answer, take good care of her trust.
OK, thank you doctor, thank you.
What's going on with that car? Mom. that. Don't look for edges.
That's my car. outer clothing.
Can I explain something to her later?
Explain, how do you commit suicide? OK or not.
It’s not you who is such a coquettish person!
Who do you kill and what do you do throughout the day?
Are you being unreasonable? If you hadn't gone out and sent her here,
Something had happened to her long ago!
Mom, she is always the first.
Yes, Mom, when Dad shipped it, no one took care of it.
It was fully delivered by Zhao Xiaolong in a taxi.
Yes, Mom
You said me and Miss Global
Let's just pretend to be okay for a little bit.
Since your whole family is here
Then we go
You are very good at taking care of the general Tianche.
do you think so
Am I wrong to welcome?
I didn't hide my identity on purpose
not on purpose
This is intentional
I was afraid that you wouldn't marry me
Did you say that?
Don't want to marry a rich man
And I'm real to you
Not for you, right? I know
Then forgive me
I think about it carefully
You are rich, interested in being professional and have something to do with your daughter-in-law. It’s great. Kill the vice president and say kill the vice president.
Master and Madam, please take your hands over to see where you can find them.